Last updated: 01/02/2025

It is important to read these terms carefully and fully to ensure understanding. Please note that these terms are subject to change without notice. In this event, existing orders will not be affected. However, new orders, even by existing customers, will be affected.

The terms and conditions set forth below are a legal agreement between you (the Client) and The Business. These terms and conditions shall apply to all goods and services supplied to the Client by The Business.

By accessing these terms and conditions, using the website, or submitting data to the form, the Client acknowledges that they have read, understood, and agree with, in whole, these terms and conditions.

The Business is Charles Bird, trading as ‘Westcountry Repairs’ as a sole trader.

These terms and conditions do not affect the Client’s statutory rights.

Commissioning agreement:
By commissioning the Business, the Client is entering into a contract with us. The following terms and conditions are our obligations to you and what you agree to.

Terms and terminology:
In these terms and conditions, any reference to “our”, “us”, “we”, and “their” are references to the Business.

Any reference to “you”, “your”, and “yours” are references to the Client.

Any reference of “the Terms” refers to these terms and conditions.

Service henceforth refers to any service carried out by an Employee or other worker of the Business in connection with the contract, including but not limited to part sourcing, repair, and delivery.

All monetary amounts quoted are in pound sterling.

The use of headings is purely for convenience and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of the Terms.

Authorisation:
By commissioning the Business, the Client authorises the assessment of the device for an estimate of repair cost and involved time scale. Estimated price, including likely part cost, will be communicated to the Client prior to booking and no chargeable work will be undertaken without explicit Client permission.

The Business, when have the authorisation of the Client to replace components with new or used devices of similar or better design and capability.

The Client authorises the Business and its Employees and Agents to provide Service at locations which are not owned by either the Client or the Business. This does not include locations accessible to members of the public.

Repair order process:
To process your repair, we require the following minimum information.

Email (For invoicing and communication)
Full name (For invoicing and communication)
Address (For invoicing)

The Business may choose to request additional information at any point during the repair process, should it be deemed necessary.

Your data will never be used for marketing purposes without explicit permission and we will never sell your data. The Business accepts responsibility for securely storing your data in accordance with the standards set by UKGDPR as a baseline.

Charges:
The Client acknowledges and agrees to pay the following fees, should their criteria be met;

Fee: Broken glass
Value: £5
Criteria: Glass on any part of the device has shattered into many (10+), small (<10cm) shards of glass which are deemed to pose a risk to the Business’s Employees, Agents, or any third parties present for the repair.

Fee: Backup
Value: £10
Criteria: The Business spends 2 hours or more conducting a backup procedure. This procedure includes reinstalling any data. Additionally, this charge is added if specialist tools must be purchased for the backup procedure.

These charges may be applied by the Business at any point during the repair process. This includes, but is not limited to, during screen removal.

Client legal rights:
The Client is the legal owner of the computer, phone, or other device given to the Business for repair. We acknowledge that all data stored on the device is the property of the Client and the Business will not access this data without express permission from the Client.

Payment:
Payment must be made, in full, within 30 days of the date of invoicing. Beyond 30 days, we have the right to add a 10% penalty for each week of non-payment.

Overdue payments may place the Client on hold from further credit. This means no further Service will be provided until all previously owed payment is paid, in full. The Business may, at its discretion, withdraw credit facilities at any time if the client is found to be in breach of these terms and conditions.

In situations where goods are provided, such as part sourcing, you will only own these goods when full payment is received.

Repair parts and hardware of a cumulative value of £50 or more must be paid in advance.

Estimate for repairs:
Upon receiving images and a text summary of damage, an estimate will be provided for the necessary repairs. Any estimates and subsequent charges are in sterling and subject to change.

The acceptance of an estimate or quotation for a service or repairs and instruction to proceed by the Client either verbally in person, or in writing (including email) shall be deemed acceptance of these terms and conditions.

Availability of goods and services:
Goods and services are subject to availability. If, for whatever reason, we are unable to supply any goods or services, we will not be held liable for any compensation or damages as a result of the non-performance.

Booking a service:
You can book a service via our website.

Service or repair cancellations can only be communicated in person or by email.

Delivery of goods and services:
At the time of booking, we will endeavour to confirm a timescale for the repair. There may be instances when the delivery of the Service cannot be achieved due to factors beyond our control. All delivery times should be considered approximate and we will not be held liable for compensation or damages due to a late or non-delivery.

All shipping options offered are without insurance by default, and we hold no responsibility for any loss or damages caused by logistical partners or third parties during the transport process. If you require items insured, please contact us, and we will do so at additional cost.

Collection policy:
Any equipment or devices left with the Business and unclaimed after a period of 14 days from invoice date will be disposed of, to recover our costs incurred during the repair process. After this period, the Business will have no liability to the Client or any third party.

We will endeavour to notify the Client in the event of any piece of equipment or any device approaching this 14 day window by email. Should the Client respond, the window will be extended to 21 days from the date of invoicing. Past this period, all responsibility is waived.

Non-compatability software:
The Client understands and accepts that some software applications or device features may no longer work correctly or be available after a repair has taken place. This may be due to the installation of the latest software or hardware or a non-manufacturer part. It is, therefore, the Client’s responsibility to reinstall or accept the loss of these applications or features.

Backing up data:
The Business will make every possible effort to preserve the Client’s data and files, however, it should be noted that there are NO GUARANTEES whatsoever that the client’s data and files will remain intact following the repair process.

IT IS THEREFORE THE CLIENT’S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO ENSURE THAT ALL DATA AND INFORMATION STORED ON THE DEVICE REQUIRING REPAIRS IS APPROPRIATELY BACKED UP TO OTHER STORAGE BEFORE HANDING OVER FOR REPAIRS.

Charges will be incurred if the Business has to perform a lengthy (2+ hours) backup procedure to protect the Client’s own data to complete the Service.

We cannot be held responsible for the following during repairs;

Loss or corruption of data, files, information or records
Any loss of business goodwill
Any losses attributed to the interruption to business activity while equipment is out of service for repairs
Failure by the Client to follow our reasonable recommendations, instructions and advice to back up data
Any losses you may suffer arising from an inability to use anti-virus software
Any loss considered to be unforeseeable
Damage resulting from viruses or other malicious software that may have been transmitted during servicing or repairs and therefore escaped detection
The Business will not be liable for any damage caused to other equipment by parts supplied following any repair.

Loss of data stored on computer equipment or devices:
The Business, its Employees and Agents cannot be held responsible for any sensitive data left on any devices submitted to be serviced or stored. It is, therefore, the customer’s responsibility to remove any sensitive data from the device before service.

Limited Liability

While the Business shall make every effort to preserve the integrity of equipment left for repair, the Client agrees not to hold The Business liable for any accidental damage to the said equipment including but not limited to – casing cracks, scratches, deformations, theft of the equipment etc.

We cannot be held responsible if due to advanced repair techniques used during our procedures in rare cases, device condition might worsen. If devices submitted to The Business services develop additional faults or becomes unusable while on our premises The Business will not reimburse any loss claims or costs associated with services provided.

Additionally, the Business cannot be held liable for any loss of data, loss of revenue or profits, or any incidental, contingent, or consequential damages, however caused either prior, during a service or upon completion of a service.

The Business liability of any kind concerning services undertaken, including any negligence on its part, shall be limited to the contract price for the services provided.

Furthermore, should the Business, its Employees or Agents offer any advice or recommendations to a Client as to the use of computer equipment, storage, use of software applications confirmed by whatever means is used entirely at the Clients own risk and accordingly The Business shall not be held liable for any such losses associated with such advice or recommendations.

Manufacturer’s warranties:
Due to the nature of our Services, we may affect manufacturer warranties. It is the Client’s responsibility to consider these consequences and make an informed decision.


Administration charges:
In the event of a complementary refund, we reserve the right to charge a minimum of £5 administration charge to cover our time spent processing the order. Delivery and part costs, unless they are for the incorrect part, are non-refundable.

By allowing us to carry out repairs, all Clients agree to trust the knowledge and expertise of our Employees or Agents to carry out Services, however, in some circumstances, due to the extent of damage, inaccurate information provided by the Client, or age of the device, the outcome is not as expected and the final repair may be unsuccessful. In these circumstances, the Company cannot be held responsible and additional costs will be incurred if further repair is attempted.

Coupons:
All promotional coupons, digital or physical, are not valid in conjunction with any other coupon and can only be used for labour costs incurred during repairs. Delivery and part costs are exempt.

Coupons cannot be redeemed for invoices which have already been issued.

Service times:
Service times are approximate and subject to change without notice due to workflow or priority repairs.

Misquote:
If we give the Client a quote and subsequently discover the quote to be invalid, we reserve the right to cancel the order and return your device without any Services provided. You will be advised of the situation at the earliest convenience by email and be given the option to cancel the order or accept a revised quote.

If you choose to cancel the order, any monies paid in advance will be refunded minus the administration fee. Shipping charges are exempt from this refund.

This agreement:
All contracts formed between the Business and the Client shall be governed by and construed following and governed by the laws of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

Each party agrees that any disputes not resolved by the standard complaints procedure will be submitted to the court within the jurisdiction of England.

The correctness of information and disclaimer:
While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of information found on our website or documentation, it should be recognised that there is a possibility of errors in the information contained within. The Business expressly denies any warranty of the accuracy and reliability of any information provided on their website or documentation. The Business shall not be held liable for any losses caused by anyone’s reliance upon the accuracy and reliability of the information contained within.

We reserve the right to amend the content of our website and or our documentation at any time without prior notice.

We cannot accept any responsibility for other websites we do not control, which may be linked to or from our site.

It should be noted that services and or products indicated on this website might be altered, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. It should also be noted that published fees for services, repairs and or products are subject to change without prior notice.

The Business has the right, at their discretion, to refuse the supply of goods and services.

The Business reserves the right to change their terms and conditions at any time without prior notice.

Congratulations on joining the elite club of people who read the terms and conditions. Enjoy 25% off of labour costs by including the coupon TAC2025 in your initial form entry or any email from that point before the invoice has been issued.. This coupon was added on the first of February 2025 and has not been used so far.